I want to support a theme which would be different than a style. The theme is not saved with the
document and is an application setting. The theme should define a text foreground/background color,
a status line foreground/background color, and a status line font and font size.  The styles support
text color. We should add a new "default" color option. This would use the theme foreground color.
We would not save this default color in the document, this would just be unspecified/default and we
would apply default when reading any document that doesn't specify an explicit color. Another option
we should add to the theme is the window padding inside the edges of the content area. This is
top/left/right/bottom of the DOCUMENT (so if it scrolls off the side, it should go all the way to
the edge of the available space.

Update the app settings. It should add a new left sidebar with settings categories. One should be
"Theme" where we can apply the above settings. Design an attractive presentation for this.

The dark blue block caret and selection color is great for a white background. I would like to be
able to change the window background color to dark blue and have this still be visible. We should
have this be settable in the theme editor.

The blinking block caret when in normal mode overwrites the character. We should color the
underlying character differently according to the caret color. If the caret color is dark, use white
text. If the caret is light, use black. Come up with a robust definition of dark/light as I suspect
50% luminosity isn't quite right.

I want to have two notions of a "line". The physical line is in the source document and would only
be relevant for text formats (not RTF). The visual line is the line on the screen. The status bar
"Ln 1, Col 9" should be clickable which should toggle on and off "visual line" mode (small "eye"
icon in SVG to the left of the "Ln" text, toggles to "file" icon, small rectangle with corner
missing for physical lines). This controls whether the vim commands that operate on lines like "dd"
and "C" or even motion commands like "$" treat the range as being the visual line or the physical
line. I think we will need to iterate on this design so make it general.

Sometimes when I use "dd" to delete a line, I get "This selection has no unambiguous editable source
range". This should never be ambiguous, it should be defined clearly from the above.

The appearance of the style editor looks bad. I do not want a list of attributes but something more
custom and interactive. I attached screenshots in "Illustrator character.png" and "Illustrator
paragraph.png" and "docs/Word style.png") I want to make our style editor look more like this,
especially the Word one. For the icons, don't copy the icons directly out of the screenshots but
generate your own SVG icons that look similar and that have a consistent style. We should have a
"style" dropdown like Illustrator character example top pick the available "bold, light, italic,
etc." styles provided by the font.  We may not support all of the Illustrator options and we have
some extra ones, adapt your design to our options. For example, we should have a button that shows
the text color and when you click that you get a color picker. We should show the available font
styles like illustrator and not have the generic "slant" and numeric entry for the weight. We should
have separate "B", "I", and "U" (bold italic, underline, like the Word one) style buttons. When the
user applies bold or italic styling, map this to the underlying font style to produce the final font
used for presentation. For example, if the font style is "extra light" (weight 200 from the OS), add
300 to get weight 500 and then pick the next most bold available style. If bold or italic isn't
supported intrinsically by the font, just tell the OS about the style to have it synthesize
something.

The open type features entry is a text box. We should have a square button with an icon for this in
the style editor. Clicking it should open a menu with a list of the OpenType features for the
selected font and items checked or not. The "open type features" menu in the app menu should have
the same items in it for the current font.

In the format menu, inline the "Font" and "Color" submenu items into the format menu.

Move the paragraph and character style pickers into the top level menu. It should go (... Format,
Paragraph, Character, ...). Don't include "Style" in the title of these menus, but that's what they are.
For the list styles, just define 3 levels by default. If the document or user creates more indent
levels than that, synthesize and automatically add additional levels as needed. Add tests for this.

Make sure we can handle deleting styles that are in use. If that happens, anything with that style
applied should get the default paragraph/character style. Add tests if we have none.

Arabic rendering is not shaped correctly. Please check this. I was using the simple string
"Arabic word مرحبا in the middle". I attached a reference shaping in "Arabic.png" in the repo.
Test other shaping and RTC wrapping since I suspect there are some gaps. For example, does a longer
Arabic range wrap lines properly.

The menus behave strangely. If I click and drag down, the hover doesn't work. Since this is the
system menu, I don't know what the problem could be but it's clear we do something differently from
a normal app that is confusing MacOS.

I notice the style picker options in the menus are never active, even in document types that allow
styling.

I want command-1 to define heading 1, command-2 for heading 2, etc. Command-0 should apply the
default paragraph style. On Windows this should be control (define this in the spec for a future
Windows port). Add these accelerators to the menus.

If we do not support gvim-style macros "q" to record, "@" to play back, implement and test those.

Support view splitting like gvim. For example, "vs". If no name is specified, open a new view into
the same document. We should also be able to have different files in each view. Each view should
have its own status bar and scrollbar (if any). We do not support side-by-side splitting since that
creates ambiguous wrapping. Be careful if the same file is specified by name (try to uniquify to the
extent possible given symlinks, etc.) we should reference the same underlying document.

We should have some kind of lock/autosave file like gvim. The existance of this should cause us to
prompt what to do since we should assume it's open in another editor. Open read-only should be an
option. Follow the same rules as gvim here where you can still write in read-only mode with ":w!".
If the "save" menu item is enabled in readonly mode, give a confirmation dialog box. We should
autosave to this autosave file. For now, write the full file contents. Create a timer and wait for
idle periods to do this save, and do it in the background to the extent possible. If opening with an
autosave file present, also offer to recover in which case we should read the contents of that
autosave file, and use that for subsequent saves.

If the "normal" mode box caret is at the end of a document where there's no letter (or at the
beginning of an empty document), we currently show a skinny box that's visually confusing. In this
case, use the "en" width of the current font to define the block width.
